this episode is brought to you by iphone
4 forum.net your source for iphone 4
information check out the link in the
description what's up guys bill shinobi
it's here and this is iphone quick tip
number five this is how to do video
calling over 3g so basically what you're
going to do is you're going to use this
app called fring and it's really cool
because you can do facetime calling with
basically any mobile device that
supports this app just like iphone 3g
iphone 3gs I mean you're the only one
camera but you can still see the person
if they're holding their phone like this
you know so this half is called fring
it's in the app store for free basically
what you're going to do it's an IM
client so you could sign up for like
you're a IM on here you put your am on
their your facebook gtalk whenever you
use and you can use it for that as well
and then you can call whoever uses this
app and you'll just go to a call and
then it's i'm on Wi-Fi right now but it
works on 3g but there we go there's the
test call you can test it out yourself
as well when you download the app for
free from the app store so i'll have a
link for that in the description now if
you're having trouble with fring and
you're using to life on fours go ahead
and make sure that after every call
you're fully exited from the app so
double tap the home button and just get
it off there and then both devices
should do that it should refresh your
fring and you can make like one call /
reset like that so it's not that great
but like i said it's a great start it
works on 3g it works on Wi-Fi and the
qualities alright it's a good start but
you know updates will come hopefully we
get face time on 3g so all that stuff
it's called frame go into the app store
in the link below please rate comment
and subscribe it's still going alright
see you guys later